add tidb-cloud limited-sql for plan replayer (#18148)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/limited-sql-features.md

[^10]: The variable is read-only on TiDB Serverless.

> [^11]: TiDB Serverless does not support downloading the file through tidbstatus port as in the [example](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-plan-replayer#examples-of-exporting-cluster-information), but TiDB Serverless will generate a [presigned URL](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ShareObjectPreSignedURL.html) for users to download the file. It should be noted that the validity period of this URL is 10 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^11]: TiDB Serverless does not support downloading the file exported by `PLAN REPLAYER` through `${tidb-server-status-port}` as in the [example](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-plan-replayer#examples-of-exporting-cluster-information). Instead, TiDB Serverless generates a [presigned URL](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ShareObjectPreSignedURL.html) for you to download the file. Note that this URL remains valid for 10 hours after generation.
```

[^10]: The variable is read-only on TiDB Serverless.

> [^11]: TiDB Serverless does not support downloading the file through tidbstatus port as in the [example](/sql-plan-replayer.md#examples-of-exporting-cluster-information), but TiDB Serverless will generate a [presigned URL](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ShareObjectPreSignedURL.html) for users to download the file. It should be noted that the validity period of this URL is 10 hours.

Reviewer 2: `example` is a dead link.

Author: fixed, thanks!
